## Caerholme
  * Located on the Southern Continent, notably accessible from the sea by either the famous ports of Jid Ali to the North East, or the small port town of Ezlet to the North.
  * Caerholme finds a happy medium both geographically and economically between the dangerously close-minded Elven powerhouse nation of Phinaran to the West, and the dangerously open-minded wastes of the Grey Dunes or Cast Lands, to the East and South respectively.  Their location near the Cast Lands and Grey Dunes assures them access to rare materials, while their proximity to Phinaran and Jid Ali allows them great access to trade, information, and politics.
  * Caerholme is a city-state, a remnant of the days of rebellion in Phinaran that forced the once-village to be given as a peace offering to the rebels.  The gift ended the short “war”, and further consolodated Phinaran’s elven heritage as detractors simply left for the decidedly small “free-lands” of Caerholme, eager to collect their consolation prize.  
  * Since then, Caerholme would eventually grow its area of influence through smart usage of their myriad forests and access to Fey exports, putting them on the map as commodity exporters, and making the city incredibly rich relative to its size.  It would eventually gain control over nearby Ezlet, as well as half a dozen other towns nearby, and become self-protecting and self-reliant.
  * Despite its location, Caerholme is actually a fairly peaceful town.  Dangers from the Grey Dunes generally cannot cope with the humid plains of Caerholme’s domain, while bandits from the Cast Lands have long since learned to stay out of Caerholme after the last raid by Cast Land bandits led to a return assault that disappeared the now-forgotten bandits overnight.
  * The safety in the Greater Caerholme Area comes from the excessive wealth and wage gap.  Low earners, mostly relegated to the villages outside of Caerholme propper, often become guards or mercenaries, if not servants or laborers, while the upper class hires and manages them for hunting and gathering raids or to work on their farms.  This leads to an estimated 60% of the population being trained in some form of combat.  In the rare case of an attack on the area, the Caerholme nobles are protected and the mercenaries are compensated for their bravery as extra incentive.
  * Caerholme’s disposition rests between self-centered and uncaring as it focuses on its close or internal politics.  This is in stark contrast to the Greater Caerholme Area, which is known for its cynical, but accepting and fair attitude as it allows any creature willing to break a sweat to make earn a living.